Program 8 Design Document
Created by Daniel Kozitza
account number cs301145
CSCI 301 section 2
Due 11/09/2015

Introduction:

   This program, qsim, is a queue simulator. It can simulate a bank lobby with 
user entered variables: number of tellers, customer arrival probability, 
maximum transaction time, total duration, and a random seed. During each clock 
tick customers arrive, the state of the bank is printed to the screen, and the 
customers are served. After the simulation is finished these values are 
printed: total number of customers served, average customer wait time, longest 
customer wait time, and number of customers left in line.

Data Structures:

   There are several structures being used in this program. The main two 
structs are Customer and Teller. The Customer struct has an id, an arrival 
time, and a pointer to the clock (to calculate total wait time). The Teller 
struct has a line (queue), a wait time for the current customer, and a current 
customer. The template class Q is a linked queue implementation. It is used to 
represent lines of customers in the program. All these structures are held 
together in one dynamically allocated array of Tellers.

Functions:

   There are three primary functions in qsim.cpp. The first, print, takes 
multiple variables and the staff array and prints the state of the simulation. 
the second, mins, takes the staff array and produces an array of the indexes of 
tellers with the shortest lines. It is used to select randomly from the 
shortest lines when enqueuing a new customer. The third, operator<<, is used to 
print a customer. There are 2 primary functions in Q.hpp. The first, enq, 
enqueues an item onto the end of the list. This is used to represent a customer 
getting in line. The second, deq, dequeues an item from the front of the list. 
This is used to represent a customer leaving the line.

The Main Fuction:

   The main function does most of the work in this program. First it handles 
the different ways of getting user input. Then it creates the staff array (an 
array of Tellers). Next it begins the main 'time' loop which is executed 
sim_duration times. during each loop it adds customers to the system, prints 
the state, and handles teller activity. Finally it calculates some statistics 
and prints them.
